<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" 
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" 
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" 
      lang="en" xml:lang="en">
	<h:head>
		<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
		<title>Kurskatalog</title>
		<h:outputStylesheet name="css/style.css" />
	</h:head>
	<h:body>
		<ui:include src="WEB-INF/header.xhtml" />
    <p> One frustration which many students at Houghton (and elsewhere) face is the lack of an well-designed,
    <br>easily-accessible, searchable course catalog. While the PDF availiable on Houghton's website is searchable,
    </br>
    it does nothing else to help the student. It should also be noted that the course catalog and list of
    <br>
    available courses are currently completely separate.
    </br><br></br></p>

    <p>To solve this issue, we propose the creation of a web application using JPA and J2EE to supply all course
	<br>information including scheduling tools to ease the lives of the administration, professors, students, and
	</br>even prosepctive students. The administration and professors will be able to add and remove courses, including
	<br>such information as the course name, department, course description and pre/co-requisites. From this listing
	</br>
	of all courses, the adminstration can craft a list of courses offered each semester, additionally including
	<br>
	information such as the course location, professor and number of seats.
	</br><br></br></p>
		
    <p>Students will then be able to browse these course lists and register for courses. Non-registered users
    <br>(guests) will be able to view the catalogs and search for courses by various critera, such as course name,
    </br>department, professor, or time, while logged in students will be additionally able to register for courses
    <br>and search based on their eligibility for various courses.
    </br><br></br></p>
		<p> - Garrett Hartshaw and Benjamin Yuly</p>
	</h:body>
</html>
